B2B Doc Update relating to try it section with Sample Application (#4)
wso2/docs-ciam-cloud: en/docs/guides/organization-login/try-organization-login.md

## Scenario

> Pickup is an ambulance service company that has many employees who use different credentials to sign in to different internal enterprise applications. While Robert is an administrator at Pickup and the MedLife Hospital is the root organization while following are the sub-organizations and the respected admins.

Reviewer: shall we stick to `root organization` instead of super organization?
@Sachin-Mamoru

Author: We have to separately address that issue, if we are addressing the root of the organization if it has sub-organizations, then that's fine. But if we are addressing the carbon super one then we might need to address it as a super organization. But when it goes to the deployment level I don't think we'll be having the super organization, instead, there will be an organization name there.
Since in the console it has super as the organization name
I have used that, otherwise might be confusing for a newcomer I guess

<img src="../../../assets/img/guides/organization-login/try-it-out/scenario_diagram.png" alt="Scenario Diagram" width="700">

> While Larry is an administrator at Guardio Insuarnce super organization while following are the sub-organizations and the respected admins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While Larry is an administrator at Guardio Insuarnce super organization, following are the sub-organizations and the respected admins.
```

> -   Best Auto Mart - Alex

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Best Auto Mart: Alex
```

> -   Car Traders - Sam

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Car Traders: Sam
```

> Larry wants to register a user account in each of the sub-organizations and provide an organization specific login option for the users to log in to the respected sub-organization IDP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Larry wants to register a user account in each of the sub-organizations and provide an organization specific login option for the users to log in to the respective sub-organization IDP.
```

## Prerequisites

> Create [Organization SSO Login](../configure-organization-idp) in the SaaS business as a federated authenticator in the Super Organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create [Organization SSO Login](../configure-organization-idp) in the root business (the super organization) as a federated authenticator.
```

## Step 1: Create the organizations

> 1.  Log in to the Super Organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Sign in to the super organization.
```

    -   To log into the super organization of the console `https://<SERVER_HOST>:9443/console`.
    -   To log into another organization space of the console `https://<SERVER_HOST>:9443/o/<organization id>/console`.
2.  Create the following sub-organizations:

    -   Best Auto Mart
    -   Car Traders

    <img src="../../../assets/img/guides/organization-login/try-it-out/created_sub_organizations.png" alt="Created Sub Organizations" width="700" style="border:1px solid grey">

## Step 2: Configure the business apps

1.  Configuring Guardio SaaS application

> 2.  Create OIDC SaaS application in Super Organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Create the OIDC SaaS application in the super organization.
```

    !!! note

>         Make sure to tick **Management Application** when creating the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Be sure to select **Management Application** when creating the application.
```

        
        <img src="../../../assets/img/guides/organization-login/create-business-applications/management_application.png" alt="Management Application" width="300" style="border:1px solid grey">

3.  Replace the consumerKey and consumerSecret values with the OAuth client key and OAuth client secret values that were generated for the newly created service provider.

    !!! note

>         Make sure to tick **Organization Switch** grant type in the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Be sure to select the **Organization Switch** grant type in the application.
```

    <img src="../../../assets/img/guides/organization-login/try-it-out/app_oidc_config.png" alt="App OIDC Configurations" width="700" style="border:1px solid grey">

4.  In the created SaaS Application, under Sign-in Method add Organization SSO Login for authentication. Other than that add the following adaptive script for conditional authentication under organization idp.

    !!! note

>         Remove Username & Password Authentication step from the Sign-in Method steps in the application. By doing so you will be directly go to the selected organization IdP for authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Remove the **username & password** authentication step from the sign-in flow of the application. By doing so, you will be directly to the selected organization IdP for authentication.
```

        });
    };
    ```

## Step 3: Share the business app with sub organizations

<img src="../../../assets/img/guides/organization-login/try-it-out/share_app_with_sub_orgs.png" alt="Share App with Sub Organizations" width="400">

> For the Best Auto Mart organization, create a separate [Asgardeo IdP](https://wso2.com/asgardeo/docs/guides/authentication/oidc/) for their user base. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the use base of Best Auto Mart organization, create a separate [Asgardeo IdP](https://wso2.com/asgardeo/docs/guides/authentication/oidc/). 
```

## Step 4: Onboard sub-organization IdPs

> Create an application in [Asgardeo](https://asgardeo.io/signup) with OAuth2.0/OpenID Connect protocol and get the client id and secret to create an IdP for Best Auto Mart organization. Also, create the admin Alex in the userbase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create an application in [Asgardeo](https://asgardeo.io/signup) with the OAuth2.0/OpenID Connect protocol and get the client id and secret to create an IdP for the Best Auto Mart organization. Also, create the admin Alex in the userbase.
```

!!! note

>     Create a user with required [permissions](../../b2b-org-management/b2b-org-permissions) to create an IdP in the sub organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Create a user with the required [permissions](../../b2b-org-management/b2b-org-permissions) to create an IdP in the sub organization.
```

  
<img src="../../../assets/img/guides/organization-login/try-it-out/asgardeo_app_info.png" alt="Asgardeo App Info" width="700" style="border:1px solid grey">

> Use above information to create the OIDC based Asgardeo IdP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the above information to create the OIDC-based Asgardeo IdP.
```

> In the fragmented SaaS Application in Best Auto Mart organization, under Sign-in Method add created Asgardeo IdP for authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the fragmented SaaS Application of the Best Auto Mart organization, add the created Asgardeo IdP for authentication in the sign-in flow.
```

  
<img src="../../../assets/img/guides/organization-login/try-it-out/asgardeo_idp_in_fragment_app.png" alt="Asgardeo IdP in Fragment App" width="700" style="border:1px solid grey">

> For the Car Traders organization create the user Sam in the user base.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the Car Traders organization, create the user Sam in the user base.
```

## Try it out

### Step 1: Setting up the sample application

> 1.  Download the sample application from this [link](https://github.com/Achintha444/guardio-insurance-sample-application/archive/main.zip).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Download the [sample application](https://github.com/Achintha444/guardio-insurance-sample-application/archive/main.zip).
```

2.  Extract the content of the zip file.

> 3.  Open the config.json file found in the **{SAMPLE_APP_HOME}/guardio-insurance-sample-application-main** directory and configure the following properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.  Open the `config.json` file found in the `<SAMPLE_APP_HOME>/guardio-insurance-sample-application-main` directory and configure the following properties:
```

    ``` json
    "WSO2IS_HOST": <Identity Server URL>,
    "WSO2IS_CLIENT_ID": <APPLICATION CLIENT ID>, 
    "WSO2IS_CLIENT_SECRET": <APPLICATION CLIENT SECRET>,
    "SAMPLE_ORGS" : [
        {
            "id" : <Best Auto Mart Organization ID>,
            ...
        },
        {
            "id" : <Car Traders Organization ID>,
            ...
        },
    ]
    ```

### Step 2: Setting up the WSO2 Identity Server

> Add the following configurations to the **{IS_HOME}/repository/conf/deployment.toml** file to allow HTTP POST requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following configurations to the `<IS_HOME>/repository/conf/deployment.toml` file to allow HTTP POST requests.
```

``` toml
allow_generic_http_requests = true
allow_any_origin = false
allowed_origins = [
"http://localhost:3000"
]
allow_subdomains = false
supported_methods = [
    "GET",
    "POST",
    "HEAD",
    "OPTIONS",
    "PUT",
    "DELETE"	
]
support_any_header = true
supported_headers = []
exposed_headers = []
supports_credentials = true
max_age = 3600
tag_requests = false
```

### Step 3: Start the sample application

> 1.  Navigate to **{SAMPLE_APP_HOME}/guardio-insurance-sample-application-main** from a command line application and run the following commands respectively to start the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Open a terminal, navigate to  the `<SAMPLE_APP_HOME>/guardio-insurance-sample-application-main` folder and run the following commands respectively to start the application:
```

    !!! info

>         To complete this step it is required to have node installed in your machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        To complete this step, it is required to have node installed in your machine.
```

    ``` node
    npm install
    npm run dev
    ```

> 2.  To check the sample application, navigate to `http://localhost:3000` on your browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  To check the sample application, go to `http://localhost:3000` on your browser.
```

> 3.  Click on the Sign In button to proceed in the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.  Click **Sign In** to proceed in the application.
```

    <img src="../../../assets/img/guides/organization-login/try-it-out/sample_app_sign_in.png" alt="Sample App Sign-in" width="700" style="border:1px solid grey">

> 4.  Select an organization from the drop down and press Next. In this example we will select the Car Traders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4.  Select an organization from the list and click **Next**. In this example, we will select Car Traders.
```

    <img src="../../../assets/img/guides/organization-login/try-it-out/sample_app_org.png" alt="Sample App Orgs" width="700" style="border:1px solid grey">

5.  Enter the user credentials to log in to the Car Traders Organization.

    <img src="../../../assets/img/guides/organization-login/try-it-out/sign_in_car_traders_org.png" alt="Sign-in Car Traders Organization" width="700" style="border:1px solid grey">

> 6.  Now you have successfully logged in to the sample application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6.  Now, you have successfully logged in to the sample application.
```

    <img src="../../../assets/img/guides/organization-login/try-it-out/logged_in_to_sample_app.png" alt="Logged in to Sample App" width="700" style="border:1px solid grey">

> 7.  Now select Best Auto Mart Organization and try to log in. You’ll be redirected to the Asgardeo IdP based login page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7.  Now, select Best Auto Mart Organization and try to log in. You’ll be redirected to the Asgardeo IdP based login page.
```
